
SECTION 74. Assault or use of criminal force to woman with intent to outrage her modesty
Whoever assaults or uses criminal force to any woman, intending to outrage or knowing it to be likely that he will 
thereby outrage her modesty, shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which 
shall not be less than one year but which may extend to five years, and shall also be liable to fine.

SECTION 75. Sexual harassment
(1) A man committing any of the following acts:— 
(i) physical contact and advances involving unwelcome and explicit sexual overtures; or 
(ii) a demand or request for sexual favours; or 
(iii) showing pornography against the will of a woman; or 
(iv) making sexually coloured remarks, 
shall be guilty of the offence of sexual harassment. 
(2) Any man who commits the offence specified in clause (i) or clause (ii) or clause (iii) of                      
sub-section (1) shall be punished with rigorous imprisonment for a term which may extend to three years, 
or with fine, or with both. 
(3) Any man who commits the offence specified in clause (iv) of sub-section (1) shall be punished 
with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to one year, or with fine, or with 
both. 

SECTION 78. Stalking
(1) Any man who— 
(i) follows a woman and contacts, or attempts to contact such woman to foster personal 
interaction repeatedly despite a clear indication of disinterest by such woman; or 
(ii) monitors the use by a woman of the internet, e-mail or any other form of electronic 
communication, 
commits the offence of stalking: 
Provided that such conduct shall not amount to stalking if the man who pursued it proves that— 
(i) it was pursued for the purpose of preventing or detecting crime and the man accused of 
stalking had been entrusted with the responsibility of prevention and detection of crime by the State; 
or 
(ii) it was pursued under any law or to comply with any condition or requirement imposed by any 
person under any law; or 
(iii) in the particular circumstances such conduct was reasonable and justified. 
(2) Whoever commits the offence of stalking shall be punished on first conviction with imprisonment 
of either description for a term which may extend to three years, and shall also be liable to fine; and be 
punished on a second or subsequent conviction, with imprisonment of either description for a term which 
may extend to five years, and shall also be liable to fine. 

SECTION 79. Word, gesture or act intended to insult modesty of a woman
Whoever, intending to insult 
the modesty of any woman, utters any words, makes any sound or gesture, or exhibits any object in any 
form, intending that such word or sound shall be heard, or that such gesture or object shall be seen, by 
such woman, or intrudes upon the privacy of such woman, shall be punished with simple imprisonment 
for a term which may extend to three years, and also with fine. 